- rule added for avoiding redundant extensions resolve #5359 (#5388)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

#### Enhancements

> * Add new `redundant_extension` rule that detect redundant extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new `redundant_extension` rule that detects redundant extensions.
  An extension is considered redundant if it does not define any
  members, but only conformances.  
```

#### Enhancements

* Add new `redundant_extension` rule that detects redundant extensions.
  An extension is considered redundant if it does not define any

>   members, but only conformances.

Reviewer: The two spaces are required here to enforce a line break in the rendered Markdown:
```suggestion
  members, but only conformances.  
```
